[Autogenerated] now,
the last thing we need to see is that we have two projects ello,
service and groceries in the second.
Wanna depends on the first one, and they are obviously sharing common properties.
This set off property, for instance,
is common between themselves and the play Ginza declared in this implementation
project should definitely be common to those two projects.
In fact, when you create very complex application projects using may bona,
you may have 10th or hundreds of artifacts in your project.
And you have, of course,
common configurations that you need to share among all those projects.
The solution to that is well known.
A.
It is to create, in fact, apparent project with modules with maven modules.
That will depends on those parents.
And this is what we're going to see now for that working to
first create a new maven project project.
We're going to skip the archetype selection.
We do not need that order.
That Moammar artifact I d.
Will be ello application A.
And the version is going to be zero that one.
And instead of selecting jar as a package,
Gina, we are going to see wrecked Mama since a parent bomber is a bomb packaging.
Let us click.
Finish.
We have our l o application A And since it is a bomber maven project,
it does not have any source directory or anything like that.
Reason why these SRC directory does not appear as a
source directory In this package,
Explorer View letters opened this bomber do some little clean up and now we
are friends going to add a I were a low service project as a maven module off this hello application Parents project.